--------------------------------------------------
 TrueTime 1.5
 Example: Control and Coordination of Mobile Motes
 Directory: $DIR/examples/motes
--------------------------------------------------

1. INTRODUCTION

This example shows how to visualise the movements of dynamically
moving motes using the built in functionality of Matlab. The example
consists of three motes, with dynamics in the "x" and "y" directions
modeled using simple integrators. The motes are sent out on a mission
which consists of visiting a number of checkpoints, seen as red marks
in the animation window. In the window, the transmission range of the
motes can be seen as large partly transparent coloured circles around
the smaller coloured motes. The checkpoints should be visited at least
once by some node in the group. When the motes are able to
communicate, they tell each other where they are heading and share
information on which nodes that have been visited by the group. When a
checkpoint has been visited it changes colour from green to red.

2. COMPILING THE SIMULATION FILES

2.1 Configuring the TrueTime Environment

    Before starting Matlab, you must set the environment variable
    TTKERNEL to point to the directory with the TrueTime kernel files:

        Unix/Linux: > export TTKERNEL=$DIR/kernel
        Windows:  Control Panel / System / Advanced / Environment Variables

    Then add the following lines to your MATLAB startup script. This
    will set up all necessary paths to the TrueTime kernel files.

        addpath(getenv('TTKERNEL'))
        init_truetime;

2.2 Compilation

    As described in the reference manual it is possible to write a
    TrueTime simulation (i.e. the code functions for the tasks and the
    initialization commands) either as m-files or as C++ functions. For
    this example only the m-file approach is provided.
   
    Since the TrueTime archive contains pre-compiled files, no 
    compilation is required to run TrueTime in the Matlab version. 
    However, if needed, the files may be re-compiled by issuing the 
    command make_truetime from the command prompt.


3. SIMULATIONS

Open the model motes.mdl to run the simulation. 

 - Run init.m to set up the data structures before you run the simulation.

 - Run the simulation to see the animation. If you are interested in building
   your own custom animation, look at the file moteanimation.m where the
   "patch" command is used to paint the initial picture of every mote. These
   pictures are then moved with the "set" command using the "XData" and "YData"
   parameters.